Speedy Spade Playing Hamster
============================
Spades is a fun card game. My goal is to make spades in JavaScript. This game will not have AI's, instead 4 people will pass the device around.
============================
There are four players. They sit around a table.  Before play, player decide what the goal point amount will be. 250  or 500 are the common goal point amounts.The ones sittlng across the table from each other are partners. Partners bid together. They do not know what the other players’ cards are. They get 13 random cards, dealt one to each person then another to each person until the deck is done, after the deck has been shuffled. The deck has a Big and Little Joker instead of a 2 of Hearts and a 2 of Clubs. The goal is to win as many books as you bid. You DO know your cards before you bid. The player to the left of the dealer puts down a card, usually one they think they can win with. Everybody then has to put down a card of the suit the first player put down, unless they don’t have that suit. If you don’t have the suit that lead, you may play another suit of your choice. A spade beats all other cards except for higher spades. Who ever won the last book plays a new leading card. You then play for that book until you run out of cards.  At the end if you met your bid you get that many point with a zero at the end, if you surpassed it you get the bid plus the extra at the end, and if you went under you lose the bid with a zero at the end. For instance, if you bid 6 and get 8 you get 62 points, if you get 6 you get 60 points and if you get 4 you lose 60 points. The goal is to be the first team to hit the goal point.
